README.md, before:

# web-proxy

- [What is a web proxy?](What-is-a-web.proxy?)
   - [Why you should use a web proxy?](Why-you-should-use-a-web-proxy?)
   - [Diferences between web proxy & Vpns](Diferences-between-web-proxy-&-Vpns)
   - [Web Proxy weakness](Web-Proxy-weakness)
- [About this project](About-this-project)
# What is a web proxy?

- A web proxy is an intermediary server that acts as a link between the client and web server. Its main function is to intercept client requests and send them to the appropriate web server, and then send server responses back to the client.

  There are different types of web proxies, such as transparent proxies, anonymous proxies, and high anonymity proxies. Transparent proxies do not hide the client's IP address, while anonymous and high anonymity proxies do.

  Web proxies have several advantages, such as the ability to improve browsing speed by using caching, protect user privacy by hiding their IP address, and allow access to websites that may be blocked in the user's location.

  According to the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) documentation, a proxy is "an agent that acts on behalf of another, especially when it comes to requests or responses between client and server computer networks" [1]. The book "HTTP: The Definitive Guide" by David Gourley and Brian Totty defines a proxy as "an intermediary server that acts as a point of contact between clients and web servers" [2].

  References:
  [1] World Wide Web Consortium (W3C). (2004). Glossary of Terms for Device Independence. Retrieved from https://www.w3.org/TR/di-gloss/
  [2] Gourley, D., & Totty, B. (2002). HTTP: The Definitive Guide. O'Reilly Media, Inc.
![proxy-diagram](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88646148/236625471-8d3cbc0e-3376-46b1-bb29-bdff25cb1a40.png)

Commit message:

why-you-should-use-a-web-proxy

README.md, after:

# web-proxy

- [What is a web proxy?](What-is-a-web.proxy?)
   - [Why you should use a web proxy?](Why-you-should-use-a-web-proxy?)
   - [Diferences between web proxy & Vpns](Diferences-between-web-proxy-&-Vpns)
   - [Web Proxy weakness](Web-Proxy-weakness)
- [About this project](About-this-project)
## What is a web proxy?

- A web proxy is an intermediary server that acts as a link between the client and web server. Its main function is to intercept client requests and send them to the appropriate web server, and then send server responses back to the client.

  There are different types of web proxies, such as transparent proxies, anonymous proxies, and high anonymity proxies. Transparent proxies do not hide the client's IP address, while anonymous and high anonymity proxies do.

  Web proxies have several advantages, such as the ability to improve browsing speed by using caching, protect user privacy by hiding their IP address, and allow access to websites that may be blocked in the user's location.

  According to the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) documentation, a proxy is "an agent that acts on behalf of another, especially when it comes to requests or responses between client and server computer networks" [1]. The book "HTTP: The Definitive Guide" by David Gourley and Brian Totty defines a proxy as "an intermediary server that acts as a point of contact between clients and web servers" [2].

- References:
  [1] World Wide Web Consortium (W3C). (2004). Glossary of Terms for Device Independence. Retrieved from https://www.w3.org/TR/di-gloss/
  [2] Gourley, D., & Totty, B. (2002). HTTP: The Definitive Guide. O'Reilly Media, Inc.
![proxy-diagram](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88646148/236625471-8d3cbc0e-3376-46b1-bb29-bdff25cb1a40.png)

## Why you should use a web proxy?

    The internet has become an essential part of our lives, allowing us to connect with people from all over the world and access a wealth of information with just a few clicks. However, this convenience comes at a cost - the loss of privacy.

    Many websites and online services track our activities and collect data about us, including our browsing history, search queries, and personal information. This data can be used for targeted advertising, identity theft, and even surveillance by governments and other organizations.

    One way to protect our privacy online is by using a proxy server. A proxy acts as an intermediary between our device and the internet, routing our requests through a different IP address and encrypting our data. This makes it more difficult for websites and other parties to track our activities and identify our location.

    There are several types of proxies, including:

    Web proxies: These are online services that allow us to access the internet through a different IP address. They are easy to use and require no installation, but they can be slow and may not provide the same level of security as other types of proxies.

    VPNs: Virtual Private Networks are a popular option for privacy-conscious users. They create a secure tunnel between our device and a remote server, encrypting our data and masking our IP address. VPNs are more secure than web proxies, but they can be more expensive and may slow down our internet connection.

    SOCKS proxies: These are similar to web proxies, but they can be used for any type of traffic, not just web browsing. They are more flexible than web proxies but may require more technical knowledge to set up and use.

    Using a proxy can help us protect our privacy online, but it's important to choose the right type of proxy for our needs. We should also be aware that proxies are not foolproof - determined adversaries may still be able to identify us or intercept our data. However, by using a proxy, we can take an important step towards protecting our online privacy.

- References:

    Electronic Frontier Foundation. (n.d.). Surveillance Self-Defense. Retrieved from https://ssd.eff.org/en
    Shariq, M. A. (2020). A Survey on Proxy Servers: Types, Implementations, Advantages, and Disadvantages. International Journal of Computer Applications, 179(41), 9-16. https://doi.org/10.5120/ijca2020920526
    "Proxy server" en Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proxy_server
    "Why you need a proxy server in 2021" de TechRadar: https://www.techradar.com/news/why-you-need-a-proxy-server-in-2021
    "Why use a proxy server? 8 reasons to do so" de Norton: https://us.norton.com/internetsecurity-privacy-why-use-a-proxy-server-8-reasons-to-do-so.html
